hey what's up
be starting to review the may top your
car back top yeah may top your car pack
today him to start with the start with a
for transit Supersport I think
superstore in ways i made the project be
design someone anyways I made one real
quick for this video I the only thing I
did with this car has changed rims and
bumpers as you most likely see change
paint and this car was one of the
actually main reasons I wanted this car
back I got the car back for free I think
those glitch and because I got a season
pass but you're not really supposed to
give this car back of the season pass
and you download 31 you get my car back
free but more about the car this car the
body roll is actually less than I
expected that I speed is a little
fashion expecting the brakes much better
nice back to rid their brakes worked
pretty well the one thing is if you look
at the river mirror I think there's
supposed to be near their name sure but
look which I don't know there's a thing
in the center of the window where
there's nothing there it might just have
like a rear camera thing I think overall
this car handled better than I expected
fun to drive something out of the
ordinary fours it doesn't really have
anything like this one bad thing about
this is when you're in third person view
which I'm usually driving you cannot see
over at all it's like a very little gap
and then if you think the homers bad
this car is real bad you just won't be
able to see a car in front of you at all
you just ended up hitting a smart car
which is in the car back to i'll be
reviewing that car later i have no idea
how good that cars cuz i never you never
even driven it yet and right here I do a
donut and differential is extremely
loose in this car I didn't realize a
while I was driving now as you see the
one with
just doing a road Baker right here I got
100 130 miles per hour on the left and
15 on the right well thanks for watching
subscribe next car i'll do is probably
the smart bar or the jeep wrangler jeep
wrangler i think it's called Rubicon
anyways one of those cars will be posted
right here thanks for watching and
subscribe like the video favorite all
that stuff
you